# dooz

Some days, my brain is way more [Fraggle](https://muppet.fandom.com/wiki/Fraggles "Please don't sue me, Disney") than [Doozer](https://muppet.fandom.com/wiki/Doozers "Same here"). There's a maelstrom of tasks generated by work and play and home and family and friends, and I've been searching for a looooooong time for a way to organize it all. While I've found some really cool tools or approaches that solve some of the problem, I've never made anything _stick_.

I used to be surprised that we hadn't solved this by now, but I'm not anymore. I have a phone made by one vendor, some devices in my house made by another, work email and calendaring by a third, personal webmail by yet another...and each one of those would be thrilled to provide some management of task-y items as long as it all stays in _their platform_ and as long as I consume it using software or devices in _their ecosystem_. And not one of those platforms and ecosystems gives me everything I want. _So much friction, so little integration_. So many shiny-but-dumb tools, and no one trying to solve this for real, for actual humans.

Screw all that nonsense.

I'm going to take a couple well-built pieces that already exist, a couple more crappily-built things I have to use for one reason or another, and try to wire them all together myself with some code, sprinkling in a feature here and there.

That's what Dooz is: an attempt to make a tool that will help me Get Things Done by:
* making it *stupidly easy* to capture one-off things that come up
* providing simple, flexible recurrence patterns for things I need to do regularly\
* tracking efforts on longer-term Big Important Things that don't quite fit into a todo model
* keeping all the above in front of my eyeballs in various ways - messages, devices, calendar entries
* ...and easily sharing things among family members where it makes sense
